docs: Update Firebase Security Rules (#116)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/deployments/firebase.mdx

Line 5 indicates how Honeycomb can interact with that document. Note that Honeycomb cannot update or delete data! You must use the [CLI script](#using-the-cli-script) to delete data.

Lines 6 through 10 defines our rule for creating a document for a given participant at `participant_responses/{studyID}/participants/{participantID}`. Honeycomb ships with two possible rules:

1. Line 8 specifies `true` which allows any combination of `studyID` and `participantID` to be created in Firebase.

   :::info
   This is the default rule Honeycomb ships with. It is recommended to leave this rule as is and handle the registration of studies in another tool such as [Prolific](prolific).
   :::

2. Line 10 only allows a `participantID` to be created if the value is in an array called `registered_participants` inside of a document at `registered_studies/{studyID}`. This ensures pre-registration of every study and participant - the [next section](#registering-studies) explains how to register studies.

:::caution

> Firestore rules must define every match pattern in your project. Attempting to connect anywhere other than `/participant_responses/{studyID}/participants/{participantID}` will be automatically denied even if you add other collections to your database. This is why `firestore.rules` contains additional nested rules in lines 12 - 20. These should be left alone.

Reviewer: This wording feels a little clunky to me... maybe this?
```suggestion
Firestore rules define every valid path for data in your project. Attempting to connect anywhere besides the paths in your Firestore rules will be automatically denied, even if you have manually saved data elsewhere. This is why `firestore.rules` contains the nested rules in lines 12 - 20. These should be left alone.

```
I feel like calling them "match patterns" rather than paths might be a bit confusing?  But maybe that's just me.

:::

#### Registering Studies

> 1. Navigate to your Firestore Database in the [Firebase console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)

Reviewer: I wonder if this is something that makes sense to do with a script? Like creating the collection and registering participants sounds fickle, and being able to automate that might be useful?

Author: Yeah that's a good idea, we have a CLI script for downloading data and this would be a neat addition to it. Most folks use Prolific at this point though so it won't be very high priority

2. Click "Start collection"

> 3. Enter `registered_studies` for the collection id and click "next"
> 4. Enter the id of your study for the document id
> 5. Add a field named `registered_participants` with the type "array"
> 6. Add the id of each study participant as a string inside the array

Reviewer: I might change the word order in these bullet points, feel free to leave it if you prefer it one way over the other:
```suggestion
3. When asked for a collection id, enter `registered_studies`, and click "next"
4. Enter the id of your study for the document id
5. Click "Add Field".
6. Enter `registered_participants` as the field name, and set the type "array"
7. Add the id of each study participant as a string to the array

```

   :::

2. Line 10 only allows a `participantID` to be created if the value is in an array called `registered_participants` inside of a document at `registered_studies/{studyID}`. This ensures pre-registration of every study and participant - the [next section](#registering-studies) explains how to register studies.

:::caution
Firestore rules define every valid path for data in your project. Attempting to connect anywhere besides the paths in your Firestore rules will be automatically denied, even if you have manually saved data elsewhere. This is why `firestore.rules` contains the nested rules in lines 12 - 20. These should be left alone.

:::

#### Registering Studies

1. Navigate to your Firestore Database in the [Firebase console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
2. Click "Start collection"
3. When asked for a collection id, enter `registered_studies`, and click "next"
4. Enter the id of your study for the document id
5. Click "Add Field".
6. Enter `registered_participants` as the field name, and set the type "array"
7. Add the id of each study participant as a string to the array

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
